welcome back to recapped today i am
going to show you a action slash horror
film from 2008 titled dead girl spoilers
ahead watch out and take care
the film begins in a school playground
where two teenagers ricky and jt are
talking jt gets ricky to skip school and
the two decide to go to an abandoned
mental asylum they horse around for a
while before exploring the basement
in the basement jt disappears and scares
ricky before they hear a banging sound
jt says it isn't him and a large dog
appears and chases them
they escape and enter another room that
they must pry a rusted shut door open to
enter there they see a nude girl jenny
spain chained to a table with a plastic
bag over her head their first impression
is that there is a killer in the room or
near them but then they see her move jt
thinks that they should keep her for
themselves but ricky is horrified and
wants to call the police
jt tells him not to and punches him in
the face
ricky then gets upset and leaves
ricky comes back later with a gun and jt
tells him that after he left the girl
has started struggling and that she had
been gnashing her teeth and repeatedly
trying to bite him he tells him that he
started hitting the girl to stop her
though she posed no threat because she
was chained and that he had strangled
her to death twice he then swipes the
gun from ricky and shoots her three
times but she doesn't die
jt concludes that she is dead and wants
to keep her as a sex slave ricky who had
initially wanted to free her is unsure
how to proceed though he wants to do the
right thing
he goes to school the next day and
stares at joanne the girl he has a crush
on
later he talks to his friend wheeler
about liking joanne
he returns to the basement to free the
girl and hears a banging sound where he
finds wheeler raping her
he argues with jt about this and jt
tells him that wheeler is their friend
and they can trust him
he decides to leave and go back another
day
when jt isn't there he manages to cut
one of her handcuffs off
jt and the jock return and decide to
climb on top of her and take advantage
of her she then scratches his face
deeply
the next day at school ricky talks to
joanne during a gym lesson
in the car park he and wheeler are
attacked by johnny joann's boyfriend and
his friend dwyer
after being beaten up wheeler tells them
that he and ricky don't need joanne
because they have their own sex slave
now
johnny and dwyer go to the basement or
jt asks them if they want to go on the
girl the jocks believe that she is alive
and are willing to accept the
implausible story that she is into being
a sex slave having already been beaten
viciously by the jocks and kidnapped by
them ricky suggests that johnny have the
girl blow him knowing that the girl will
bite his penis
as he is forcing her to give him oral
the girl then bites his genitals he then
punches her in the face so that she
would let go
jt tells them that they can't go to the
police about it because they will be
arrested for rape
the next day at school johnny goes to
the toilet and his intestines begin to
fall out
later jt is putting makeup on the girl's
face when the dog from earlier enters
the room and jumps on her causing her to
bite it and kill it
dwyer returns to the asylum basement to
take the dead girl to the hospital so
that they can diagnose her and cure his
friend
instead he encounters jt who kills him
later jt concludes that if johnny was
infected by the bite that they can make
a new dead girl as the original one is
becoming increasingly damaged from their
abuse and they go in search of a woman
they find a woman on the car park of a
petrol station and jt hits her with a
crowbar but she manages to beat them
both up and escapes
shortly after this joanne sees them and
argues with them about what happened to
johnny so they kidnap her instead
they take her to the basement and tie
her up but ricky arrives and argues with
the others cutting wheeler's hand off
with a sword he frees joanne but the
dead girl escapes and kills wheeler
ricky and joanne are trapped in the
building because the exit door won't
open and ricky decides to go back
the dead girl knocks him over rather
than attacking him and pries the exit
door open and escapes to freedom
ricky wakes up to find joanne mortally
wounded and stumbling towards him saying
that jt had stabbed her with a sword jt
tells ricky to let him bite her before
she dies and it's too late
the film then shows ricky in class with
a bright outlook on life and cycling
around before showing joanne tied to the
table in the basement apparently the new
dead girl
ricky has nice clothes that he clearly
dresses her in but she is clearly
non-verbal and an undead sex slave and
the situation is no different than when
jt was putting makeup on the original
dead girl
make sure to subscribe and turn on post
notifications for more videos like this
thanks for watching